These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# Array and Hashing
## easy
1. Two Sum
2. Score of a String
3. Contains Duplicate
4. Valid Anagram
5. Replace elements with greatest element on right side
6. is Subsequence
7. Length of last word
8. Number of senior citizens
9. Longest Common Prefix
10. String matching in an array
11. Pascals Triangle
12. Remove Element
13. Unique Email Addresses
14. Isomorphic Strings
15. Can Place flowers
16. Majority Elment
17. Next Greater Element I
18. Longest Strictly Increasing or Strictly Decreasing Subarray
19. Maximum Ascending Subarray Sum
20. Find Pivot Index
21. Kth Distinct String in An Array
22. Range Sum Query - Immuatble
23. Find All numbers Disappeared in An Array
24. Find missing and repeated values
25. word pattern
26. height checker
27. special array I
28. check if array is sorted and rotated
29. monotonic array
30. divide array into equals pairs
31. number of good pairs
32. Find words that can be formed by characters
33. count the number of consistent strings
34. largest 3-same-digit number in string
35. destination city
36. maximum product difference between two
37. circular sentence
38. maximum score after splitting a string
39. path crossing
40. minimum changes to make alternating binary string
41. redistribute characters to make all strings equal
42. longest palindrome
43. largest substring between two equal characters
44. set mismatch
45. first unique character in a string
46. intersection of two arrays
47. find common characters
48. number of students unable to eat lunch
49. time needed to buy tickets
50. special array with x elements greater than or euqal x
51. find the index of the first occurrence in a string
52. append characters to string to make subsequences

## medium
53. group anagrams
54. count vowel strings in ranges
55. average waiting time\
56. sort colors
57. top k frequent elements
58. encode and decode strings
59. product of array except self
60. minimum number of operations to move all balls to each box
61. longest consecutive sequence
62. encode and decode tinyURL
63. subarray sum equals K
64. subarray sums divisible by K
65. make sum divisible by P
66. unique length 3 palindromic subsequences
67. number of sub-arrays with odd sum
68. minumum number of swaps to make the string balanced
69. maximum product of the length of two palindromic subsequences
70. largest number
71. continuous subarray sum
72. non decreasing array
73. number of ways to split array
74. number of zero-filled subarrays
75. word subsets
76. sort characters by frequency
77. contiguous array
78. count number of bad pairs
79. find all duplicates in an array
80. find the length of the longest common prefix
81. design a food grating system

## hard
1. text justification
2. first missing positives
3. Shortest Palindrome

These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# Two pointer

## Easy
1. Reverse String
2. valid palindrome
3. valid palindrome II
4. valid word abbreviation
5. minimum difference between highest and lowest of K scores
6. merge string alternately
7. merge sorted array
8. merge two 2d arrays by summing values
9. move zeroes
10. remove duplicates from sorted array
11. assign cookies
12. find first palindromic string in the array
13. sort array by parity
14. reverse words in a string III
15. backspace string compare
16. check if two string arrays are equivalent
17. apply operations to an array

## Medium
1. adding spaces to a string
2. remove duplicates from sorted array II
3. partition array according to given pivot
4. two sum II Input array is sorted
5. 3Sum
6. 4Sum
7. rotate array
8. container with most water
9. number of subsequences that satisfy the given sum condition
10. array with elements not equal to average of neighbors
11. divide players into teams of equal skilll
12. boats to save people
13. K-th symbol in grammar
14. minimum time to make rope colorful
15. rearrange array elemetns by sign
16. bag of tokens
17. minimum length of string after deleting similar ends
18. sentence similiarity III

### hard
1. trapping rain water

These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# Sliding Window

## Easy
1. Contains duplicate II
2. Best time to buy and sell stock
3. minimum recolors to get K consecutive black blocks
4. Defuse the bomb

## medium
1. number of sub arrays of size K and Avg Greater than or equal to threshold
2. Grump bookstore owner
3. alternating groups II
4. longest substring without repeating characters
5. longest repeating character replacement
6. permutation in string
7. frequency of the most frequent element
8. fruits into basket
9. maximum number of vowels in a substring of given length
10. minimum number of flips to make binary string alternating
11. minimum size subarray sum
12. find k closest elements
13. minimum operations to reduce X to Zero
14. get equal substrings within budget
15. Number of substrings containing all three characetsr
16. binary subarrays with sum
17. count number of nice subarrays
18. subarray product less than K
19. find the power of K-size subarrays
20. maximum sum of distinct subarrays with length K
21. length of longest subarray with at most K frequency
22. count subarrays where max element appears at least K times
23. maximum beauty of an array afterr applying operation
24. take K of each character from left and right
25. count of substrings containing every vowel and K consonants II
26. longest continuous subarray with absolute diff less than or equal to limit

## hard
1. Minimum window substring
2. sliding window maximum
3. subarrays with K different integers
4. minimum number of operations to make array continuous
5. smallest range covering elements from K lists

These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# Stack

## easy
1. baseball game
2. valid parenttheses

## medium
1. min stack
2. generate parent theses
3. daily temperatures
4. simplify path
5. online stock span

## hard
1. maximum frequency stack

These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# Binary Search

## easy
1. binary search
2. search insert position
3. guess number higher or lower
4. sqrt(x)

## medium
1. search a 2d matrix
2. koko teaing bananas
3. capacity to ship packages within d days
4. find minimum in rotated sorted array
5. search in roated sorted array
6. search in rotated sorted array II

## hard
1. time based key value store
2. split array largest sum
3. medium of two sorted arrays
4. find in mountain array


These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# Linked List

## easy
1. reverse linked list
2. merge two sorted lists
3. linked list cycle

## medium
1. reorder list
2. remove Nth node from end of list
3. copy list with random pointer
4. add two numbers
5. find the duplicate number
6. reverse linked list II

## hard
1. LRU cache
2. LFU cache
3. merge K sorted lists
4. reverse nodes in K group

These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# Trees

## easy
1. binary tree inorder traversal
2. binary tree preorder traversal
3. binary tree postorder traversal
4. invert binary tree
5. maximum depth of binary tree
6. diameter of binary tree
7. balanced binary tree
8. same tree
9. subtree of another tree

## medium
1. lowest common ancestor of a binary search tree
2. insert into a binary search tree
3. delete node in a bst
4. binary tree level order traversal
5. binary tree right side view
6. construct quad tree
7. count good nodes in binary tree
8. validate binary search tree
9. Kth smallest element in a bst
10. construct binary tree from preorder and inorder traversal
11. house robber III
12. delete leaves with a given valule

## hard
1. Binary tree maximum path sum
2. serialize and deserialize binary tree


These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# Heap / Priority Queue
## easy
1. Kth largest element in a stream
2. last stone weight

## medium
1. K closest points to origin
2. Kth largest element in an array
3. task scheduler
4. single threaded cpu
5. reorganize string
6. car pooling

## hard
1. find median from data stream
2. IPO


These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# Intervals

## easy
1. meeting rooms

## medium
1. insert interval
2. merge intervals
3. non overlapping intervals
4. meeting rooms II

## hard
1. meeting rooms III
2. minimum interval to include each query

These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# Backtracking

## medium
1. subsets
2. combination sum
3. combination sum II
4. combinations
5. permutations
6. subsets II
7. permutations II
8. palindrome partitioning
9. letter combinations of a phone number
10. partition to K equal sum subsets

## hard
1. word break II

These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# Graphs

## easy
1. island perimeter

## medium
1. number of islands
2. clone graph
3. course schedule
4. pacific atlantic water flow
5. surrounded regions
6. evaluate division

These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# Trie

## medium
1. implement trie prefix tree
2. design add and search words data structure
3. extra characters in a string

## hard
1. word search II

These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# 1-D Dynamic Programming
## easy
1. climbing stairs
2. min cost climbing stairs
3. N-th tribonacci number

## medium
1. house robber
2. house robber II
3. longest palindromic substring
4. palindromic substrings
5. maximum product subarray
6. word break
7. longest increasing subsequence
8. partition equal subset sum
9. combination sum IV
10. integer break

These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# 2-D Dynamic Programming

## medium
1. best time to buy and sell stock with cooldown
2. target sum
3. interleaving string
4. longest common subsequence
5. minimum path sum
