These problems could come from neetcode and leetcode.

# Sliding Window

## Easy
1. Contains duplicate II
2. Best time to buy and sell stock
3. minimum recolors to get K consecutive black blocks
4. Defuse the bomb

## medium
1. number of sub arrays of size K and Avg Greater than or equal to threshold
2. Grump bookstore owner
3. alternating groups II
4. longest substring without repeating characters
5. longest repeating character replacement
6. permutation in string
7. frequency of the most frequent element
8. fruits into basket
9. maximum number of vowels in a substring of given length
10. minimum number of flips to make binary string alternating
11. minimum size subarray sum
12. find k closest elements
13. minimum operations to reduce X to Zero
14. get equal substrings within budget
15. Number of substrings containing all three characetsr
16. binary subarrays with sum
17. count number of nice subarrays
18. subarray product less than K
19. find the power of K-size subarrays
20. maximum sum of distinct subarrays with length K
21. length of longest subarray with at most K frequency
22. count subarrays where max element appears at least K times
23. maximum beauty of an array afterr applying operation
24. take K of each character from left and right
25. count of substrings containing every vowel and K consonants II
26. longest continuous subarray with absolute diff less than or equal to limit

## hard
1. Minimum window substring
2. sliding window maximum
3. subarrays with K different integers
4. minimum number of operations to make array continuous
5. smallest range covering elements from K lists
